BUGLOG.md, before:

```json lines
zcat edge.json.gz | grep ranga-moto | grep -A10 -B10 '1729004735'
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9918688,46.8715127,-113.9918688,46.8715127],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9918688,46.8715127]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.58,"AccelerometerY":1.27,"AccelerometerZ":9.36,"Accuracy":2.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5480,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0.02,"GyroscopeZ":-0.01,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5453,"Pressure":null,"Speed":10.46,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:20.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004720,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.21,"UserAccelerometerY":0.12,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.38,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":6,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9919896,46.871548,-113.9919896,46.871548],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9919896,46.871548]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.68,"AccelerometerY":1.24,"AccelerometerZ":9.88,"Accuracy":2.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5490,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.05,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":293,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5463,"Pressure":null,"Speed":9.61,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:21.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004721,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.17,"UserAccelerometerY":0.07,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.15,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":6,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.992091,46.871576,-113.992091,46.871576],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.992091,46.871576]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.57,"AccelerometerY":1.09,"AccelerometerZ":10.02,"Accuracy":2.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5498,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":-0.03,"GyroscopeZ":-0.01,"Heading":293,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5471,"Pressure":null,"Speed":8.58,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:22.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004722,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.24,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.29,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":7,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9921822,46.871601,-113.9921822,46.871601],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9921822,46.871601]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.37,"AccelerometerY":0.88,"AccelerometerZ":9.97,"Accuracy":2.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5506,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.01,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":295,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5479,"Pressure":null,"Speed":7.47,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:23.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004723,"UserAccelerometerX":0.08,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.04,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.2,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":10,"speed_accuracy":1.7,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.992256,46.8716271,-113.992256,46.8716271],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.992256,46.8716271]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.53,"AccelerometerY":0.35,"AccelerometerZ":10.13,"Accuracy":2.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5512,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":299,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5485,"Pressure":null,"Speed":6.35,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:24.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004724,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.1,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.34,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":11,"speed_accuracy":1.5,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923086,46.8716479,-113.9923086,46.8716479],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923086,46.8716479]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.14,"AccelerometerY":1.04,"AccelerometerZ":9.81,"Accuracy":2.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5517,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.02,"GyroscopeY":-0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":297,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5490,"Pressure":null,"Speed":4.77,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:25.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004725,"UserAccelerometerX":0.22,"UserAccelerometerY":0.15,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.05,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":14,"speed_accuracy":1.6,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923494,46.8716611,-113.9923494,46.8716611],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923494,46.8716611]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.64,"AccelerometerY":0.97,"AccelerometerZ":10.03,"Accuracy":2.3,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5520,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.02,"GyroscopeY":0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":294,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5493,"Pressure":null,"Speed":3.26,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:26.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004726,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.3,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":21,"speed_accuracy":1.6,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923756,46.871669,-113.9923756,46.871669],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923756,46.871669]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.76,"AccelerometerY":1.57,"AccelerometerZ":9.48,"Accuracy":2.3,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5522,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.02,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5493,"Pressure":null,"Speed":2.09,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:27.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004727,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.17,"UserAccelerometerY":0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.21,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":35,"speed_accuracy":1.7,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923927,46.8716766,-113.9923927,46.8716766],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923927,46.8716766]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.66,"AccelerometerY":1.4,"AccelerometerZ":9.76,"Accuracy":2.2,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5524,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":-0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":1.07,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:29.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004729,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.05,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.11,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.08,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":61,"speed_accuracy":1.5,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.992403,46.871675,-113.992403,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.992403,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.78,"AccelerometerY":2.3,"AccelerometerZ":9.5,"Accuracy":2.1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:32.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004732,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.02,"UserAccelerometerY":0.05,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.02,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":0.8,"vAccuracy":1}}

{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.73,"AccelerometerY":2.27,"AccelerometerZ":9.45,"Accuracy":2,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:35.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004735,"UserAccelerometerX":0.03,"UserAccelerometerY":0.03,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.07,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":0.7,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.78,"AccelerometerY":2.18,"AccelerometerZ":9.6,"Accuracy":1.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:38.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004738,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.02,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.04,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.08,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.2,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.76,"AccelerometerY":2.22,"AccelerometerZ":9.52,"Accuracy":1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":-0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:41.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004741,"UserAccelerometerX":0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":0,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.02,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.82,"AccelerometerY":2.57,"AccelerometerZ":9.44,"Accuracy":1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":-0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:44.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004744,"UserAccelerometerX":0.02,"UserAccelerometerY":0.01,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.01,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.3,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-1.08,"AccelerometerY":3.51,"AccelerometerZ":8.88,"Accuracy":1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":-0.04,"GyroscopeY":0.03,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:47.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004747,"UserAccelerometerX":0,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.42,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.06,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.2,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924175,46.8716778,-113.9924175,46.8716778],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924175,46.8716778]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-1.09,"AccelerometerY":3.89,"AccelerometerZ":9.25,"Accuracy":1.1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5526,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":-0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":298,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5499,"Pressure":null,"Speed":1.41,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:48.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004748,"UserAccelerometerX":0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":0.05,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.29,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":24,"speed_accuracy":1,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924447,46.8716834,-113.9924447,46.8716834],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924447,46.8716834]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.9,"AccelerometerY":3.12,"AccelerometerZ":9.59,"Accuracy":1.2,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5528,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.02,"GyroscopeY":0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":287,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5501,"Pressure":null,"Speed":2.27,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:49.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004749,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.09,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.13,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.35,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":25,"speed_accuracy":1.8,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924903,46.8716927,-113.9924903,46.8716927],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924903,46.8716927]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.88,"AccelerometerY":3.5,"AccelerometerZ":9.36,"Accuracy":1.3,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5531,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.02,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":287,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5504,"Pressure":null,"Speed":3.21,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:50.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004750,"UserAccelerometerX":0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.07,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.26,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":24,"speed_accuracy":2.3,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9925629,46.8717115,-113.9925629,46.8717115],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9925629,46.8717115]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.69,"AccelerometerY":3.17,"AccelerometerZ":9,"Accuracy":1.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5537,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":-0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0.01,"Heading":289,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5510,"Pressure":null,"Speed":4.95,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:51.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004751,"UserAccelerometerX":0.13,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.2,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":14,"speed_accuracy":2.2,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9926705,46.8717379,-113.9926705,46.8717379],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9926705,46.8717379]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.95,"AccelerometerY":2.97,"AccelerometerZ":8.99,"Accuracy":1.7,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5546,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5519,"Pressure":null,"Speed":6.9,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:52.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004752,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.2,"UserAccelerometerY":0.17,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.39,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":8,"speed_accuracy":1.6,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9927791,46.8717685,-113.9927791,46.8717685],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9927791,46.8717685]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-1.08,"AccelerometerY":3.38,"AccelerometerZ":9.93,"Accuracy":1.9,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5555,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.03,"GyroscopeY":0.04,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":293,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5528,"Pressure":null,"Speed":7.92,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:53.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004753,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.24,"UserAccelerometerY":0.47,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.6,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":6,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
```

An aberrant break in a lap -- a drive home from a breakfast restaurant turned into two linestrings.  
It was at a traffic light on Higgins, where we had actually stopped briefly (for less than 30 seconds).
Tippecanoe had a `clustered=6` point near the break, and which I could not uncluster
with tippe settings at `--maximum-tile-bytes 1000000`.
We see in the source that there are 6 sequential points at `(-113.9924033,46.871675|-113.9924033,46.871675)`.
 

I possibly have not handled the "sequential points on top of each other" case,
so it could be a pseudo-stop (nap) that is getting filtered somewhere.

It is also possible that the `TripDetector` instance is new at this point; 
in fact, I saw `MotionStateReason: init` there. So it's possible that
this break is attributable to `PARALLEL_BATCH_SIZE`.
Although it seems highly coincidental that the `%10000000` would fall
at this unique (?) stoplight.

Confirmed `MotionStateReason: "init"`.
So the `TripDetector` is `new`.
So this is a seam in the pipeline,
and has to do with batching and program instantiation.
It is not a "sequential points on top of each other" problem.

Commit message:

confirm seam in pipeline
Signed-off-by: ia <isaac.ardis@gmail.com>

BUGLOG.md, after:

```json lines
zcat edge.json.gz | grep ranga-moto | grep -A10 -B10 '1729004735'
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9918688,46.8715127,-113.9918688,46.8715127],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9918688,46.8715127]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.58,"AccelerometerY":1.27,"AccelerometerZ":9.36,"Accuracy":2.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5480,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0.02,"GyroscopeZ":-0.01,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5453,"Pressure":null,"Speed":10.46,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:20.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004720,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.21,"UserAccelerometerY":0.12,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.38,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":6,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9919896,46.871548,-113.9919896,46.871548],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9919896,46.871548]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.68,"AccelerometerY":1.24,"AccelerometerZ":9.88,"Accuracy":2.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5490,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.05,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":293,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5463,"Pressure":null,"Speed":9.61,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:21.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004721,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.17,"UserAccelerometerY":0.07,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.15,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":6,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.992091,46.871576,-113.992091,46.871576],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.992091,46.871576]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.57,"AccelerometerY":1.09,"AccelerometerZ":10.02,"Accuracy":2.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5498,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":-0.03,"GyroscopeZ":-0.01,"Heading":293,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5471,"Pressure":null,"Speed":8.58,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:22.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004722,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.24,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.29,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":7,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9921822,46.871601,-113.9921822,46.871601],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9921822,46.871601]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.37,"AccelerometerY":0.88,"AccelerometerZ":9.97,"Accuracy":2.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5506,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.01,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":295,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5479,"Pressure":null,"Speed":7.47,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:23.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004723,"UserAccelerometerX":0.08,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.04,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.2,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":10,"speed_accuracy":1.7,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.992256,46.8716271,-113.992256,46.8716271],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.992256,46.8716271]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.53,"AccelerometerY":0.35,"AccelerometerZ":10.13,"Accuracy":2.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5512,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":299,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5485,"Pressure":null,"Speed":6.35,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:24.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004724,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.1,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.34,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":11,"speed_accuracy":1.5,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923086,46.8716479,-113.9923086,46.8716479],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923086,46.8716479]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.14,"AccelerometerY":1.04,"AccelerometerZ":9.81,"Accuracy":2.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5517,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.02,"GyroscopeY":-0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":297,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5490,"Pressure":null,"Speed":4.77,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:25.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004725,"UserAccelerometerX":0.22,"UserAccelerometerY":0.15,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.05,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":14,"speed_accuracy":1.6,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923494,46.8716611,-113.9923494,46.8716611],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923494,46.8716611]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.64,"AccelerometerY":0.97,"AccelerometerZ":10.03,"Accuracy":2.3,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5520,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.02,"GyroscopeY":0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":294,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5493,"Pressure":null,"Speed":3.26,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:26.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004726,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.3,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":21,"speed_accuracy":1.6,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923756,46.871669,-113.9923756,46.871669],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923756,46.871669]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.76,"AccelerometerY":1.57,"AccelerometerZ":9.48,"Accuracy":2.3,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5522,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.02,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5493,"Pressure":null,"Speed":2.09,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:27.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004727,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.17,"UserAccelerometerY":0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.21,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":35,"speed_accuracy":1.7,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9923927,46.8716766,-113.9923927,46.8716766],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9923927,46.8716766]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.66,"AccelerometerY":1.4,"AccelerometerZ":9.76,"Accuracy":2.2,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5524,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":-0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":1.07,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:29.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004729,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.05,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.11,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.08,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":61,"speed_accuracy":1.5,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.992403,46.871675,-113.992403,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.992403,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.78,"AccelerometerY":2.3,"AccelerometerZ":9.5,"Accuracy":2.1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:32.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004732,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.02,"UserAccelerometerY":0.05,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.02,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":0.8,"vAccuracy":1}}

{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.73,"AccelerometerY":2.27,"AccelerometerZ":9.45,"Accuracy":2,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:35.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004735,"UserAccelerometerX":0.03,"UserAccelerometerY":0.03,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.07,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":0.7,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.78,"AccelerometerY":2.18,"AccelerometerZ":9.6,"Accuracy":1.4,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:38.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004738,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.02,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.04,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.08,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.2,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.76,"AccelerometerY":2.22,"AccelerometerZ":9.52,"Accuracy":1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":-0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:41.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004741,"UserAccelerometerX":0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":0,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.02,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.82,"AccelerometerY":2.57,"AccelerometerZ":9.44,"Accuracy":1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":0,"GyroscopeY":-0.01,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:44.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004744,"UserAccelerometerX":0.02,"UserAccelerometerY":0.01,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.01,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.3,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924033,46.871675,-113.9924033,46.871675],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924033,46.871675]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-1.08,"AccelerometerY":3.51,"AccelerometerZ":8.88,"Accuracy":1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5525,"Elevation":963.9,"GyroscopeX":-0.04,"GyroscopeY":0.03,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":-1,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5497,"Pressure":null,"Speed":0,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:47.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004747,"UserAccelerometerX":0,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.42,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.06,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":-1,"speed_accuracy":1.2,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924175,46.8716778,-113.9924175,46.8716778],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924175,46.8716778]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-1.09,"AccelerometerY":3.89,"AccelerometerZ":9.25,"Accuracy":1.1,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5526,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":-0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":298,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5499,"Pressure":null,"Speed":1.41,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:48.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004748,"UserAccelerometerX":0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":0.05,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.29,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":24,"speed_accuracy":1,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924447,46.8716834,-113.9924447,46.8716834],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924447,46.8716834]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.9,"AccelerometerY":3.12,"AccelerometerZ":9.59,"Accuracy":1.2,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5528,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.02,"GyroscopeY":0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":287,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5501,"Pressure":null,"Speed":2.27,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:49.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004749,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.09,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.13,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.35,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":25,"speed_accuracy":1.8,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9924903,46.8716927,-113.9924903,46.8716927],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9924903,46.8716927]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.88,"AccelerometerY":3.5,"AccelerometerZ":9.36,"Accuracy":1.3,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5531,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":-0.02,"GyroscopeY":0,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":287,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5504,"Pressure":null,"Speed":3.21,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:50.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004750,"UserAccelerometerX":0.01,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.07,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.26,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":24,"speed_accuracy":2.3,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9925629,46.8717115,-113.9925629,46.8717115],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9925629,46.8717115]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.69,"AccelerometerY":3.17,"AccelerometerZ":9,"Accuracy":1.5,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5537,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":-0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0.01,"Heading":289,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5510,"Pressure":null,"Speed":4.95,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:51.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004751,"UserAccelerometerX":0.13,"UserAccelerometerY":-0.16,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.2,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":14,"speed_accuracy":2.2,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9926705,46.8717379,-113.9926705,46.8717379],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9926705,46.8717379]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-0.95,"AccelerometerY":2.97,"AccelerometerZ":8.99,"Accuracy":1.7,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5546,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.01,"GyroscopeY":0.02,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":291,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5519,"Pressure":null,"Speed":6.9,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:52.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004752,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.2,"UserAccelerometerY":0.17,"UserAccelerometerZ":-0.39,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":8,"speed_accuracy":1.6,"vAccuracy":1}}
{"id":0,"type":"Feature","bbox":[-113.9927791,46.8717685,-113.9927791,46.8717685],"geometry":{"type":"Point","coordinates":[-113.9927791,46.8717685]},"properties":{"AccelerometerX":-1.08,"AccelerometerY":3.38,"AccelerometerZ":9.93,"Accuracy":1.9,"Activity":"Automotive","ActivityConfidence":100,"AmbientTemp":null,"BatteryLevel":0.57,"BatteryStatus":"unplugged","CurrentTripStart":"2024-10-15T13:41:31.331695Z","Distance":5555,"Elevation":964.2,"GyroscopeX":0.03,"GyroscopeY":0.04,"GyroscopeZ":0,"Heading":293,"Lightmeter":53,"Name":"ranga-moto-act3","NumberOfSteps":5528,"Pressure":null,"Speed":7.92,"Time":"2024-10-15T15:05:53.814Z","UUID":"76170e959f967f40","UnixTime":1729004753,"UserAccelerometerX":-0.24,"UserAccelerometerY":0.47,"UserAccelerometerZ":0.6,"Version":"gcps/v0.0.0+4","heading_accuracy":6,"speed_accuracy":1.4,"vAccuracy":1}}
```

An aberrant break in a lap -- a drive home from a breakfast restaurant turned into two linestrings.  
It was at a traffic light on Higgins, where we had actually stopped briefly (for less than 30 seconds).
Tippecanoe had a `clustered=6` point near the break, and which I could not uncluster
with tippe settings at `--maximum-tile-bytes 1000000`.
We see in the source that there are 6 sequential points at `(-113.9924033,46.871675|-113.9924033,46.871675)`.

I possibly have not handled the "sequential points on top of each other" case,
so it could be a pseudo-stop (nap) that is getting filtered somewhere.

It is also possible that the `TripDetector` instance is new at this point; 
in fact, I saw `MotionStateReason: init` there. So it's possible that
this break is attributable to `PARALLEL_BATCH_SIZE`.
Although it seems highly coincidental that the `%100000` would fall
at this unique (?) stoplight.

Confirmed `MotionStateReason: "init"`.
So the `TripDetector` is `new`.
So this is a seam in the pipeline,
and has to do with batching and program instantiation.
It is not a "sequential points on top of each other" problem.

Confirmed: re-ran the pipeline with a lower, non mod 100k batch size and 
indeed the spurious break was gone. 
```bash
time env PARALLEL_JOBS=8 PARALLEL_BATCH_SIZE=80000 ./run.sh |& tee run.out
```
